---
layout: post
title: CS373&#58; Week 7
---

We took our first Software Engineering test Thursday night, and I thought it was a lot of fun *(I know, weird)*. I really enjoy programming, and I was happy to have a test that not only required you to write code, but allowed you to do it on a computer so it actually looked nice! The difficulty of the questions was fair, however having a cheatsheet proved to be essential for a few questions.

##### What I Did This Past Week
This past week in Software Engineering we learned about Python decorators. Decorators are difficult to wrap your head around at first, but can be very powerful tools. I've recently learned that they may be included in the next JavaScript specification, which is just more motivation to learn to use them in Python! In my Python class, we learned to use decorators by writing one that logs the function name, arguments, and return value for each call to its target function. Of course, we also took our first test on Thursday.

##### What's In My Way
This Wednesday we're going to have a guest lecture from a Rackspace engineer and hopefully learn how to host our third assignment. I wish we were assigned our IMDB project after Spring Break so it wouldn't feel split up. While there appears to be an extra week, I (and I'm guessing others) will be gone both weekends.

##### What I'll Do Next Week
Next week I'll have to finish my Algorithms homework, which always seem to take a huge amount of time. I also have my first Data Management test, which I would be more concerned about if he hadn't told us almost exactly what would be on it. I'm most excited to begin packing for a climbing trip to Red Rock, Nevada!

##### Tip O' The Week
* **[ProgrammableWeb](http://www.programmableweb.com/)** Is a site that focuses on cataloging all APIs, a service that's perfect for our new project! Not all APIs fit the criteria of our project, but with a little hunting you can definitely find something.
* **[React Router](https://github.com/reactjs/react-router)** This is a fantastic tool for those of you using React. I heard about it a while ago but never really looked into it... until last night. WHOAH this thing is incredible! It can be imported and used as a normal React component, you simply wrap your existing components/pages in it. 
