---
layout: post
title: CS373&#58; Week 12
---

##### What I Did This Past Week
This past week we finished our discussion on SQL and began talking about refactoring, following examples from Martin Fowler's book [*Refactoring*](http://www.amazon.com/Refactoring-Improving-Design-Existing-Code/dp/0201485672). This part of the class seems really cool; a little more classical software engineering. While the techniques we're learning are important in all disciplines of programming, I'm concerned that too much focus is placed on the Java language, which I have no interest in. 

##### What's In My Way
The final iteration of our SWE project is due on Thursday night, but I'll be flying to San Diego around 6:30am that day to compete in the collegiate climbing national championship. This means I'll have to do as much work as possible before I leave, while balancing another final project for Data Management. 

##### What I'll Do Next Week
Next week will be spent finishing the SWE team project, along with a few homeworks. It seems like the search functionality is almost done, so I'll probably work on building a page that uses another team's API and write user stories. The API we have to use provides information about League of Legends; it'll be interesting building something I know nothing about. 

##### Tip O' The Week
* **[Phenomic](https://phenomic.io/)**: Jekyll is awesome, but it's easy to forget there are other static site generators out there, some giving you a little more freedom than others. Phenomic is a static site generator that allows you to define and compose your pages with React components. Use your newfound React skills to create a blog, or even a light app!
