---
layout: post
title: CS373&#58; Week 11
---

##### What I Did This Past Week
This past week my team and I completed the second phase of our SWE project. It didn't take too much time because our pages were already dynamic from the first phase; we were just using static data. We were also able to avoid the big Carina/Docker fiasco that plagued other teams, thanks to all my teammate's sweet skills *(I haven't touched it!)*. In class, we focused on learning SQL, a query language used to retrieve and manage data in databases. Most of this is just review for what we've been learning in CS347 Data Management, but I'm interested to see different **JOIN** syntaxs.

##### What's In My Way
The quizzes are bringing me down, I need to spend more time reviewing material before class. I also haven't been keeping up with the readings. This doesn't seem to be a problem now, but I have a feeling that it'll come back to haunt me during the second exam!

##### What I'll Do Next Week
I have a history test on Monday, so I'll need to spend a bit of time wrapping up its readings. Other than that, I plan on getting a head start with the third phase ouf our SWE project, seeing how it may take a little longer. The search capability shouldn't be that hard, but implementing another team's API may prove challenging depending on how they built it. Putting together a 15 min presentation will also take some work, but I think a lot of this will be demonstration. 

##### Tip O' The Week
* **[React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/)**: As a lot of you are becoming aquainted with React and perhaps even JavaScript for the first time, I thought it would be interesting to mention some of the cool things you can do with it! Using React Native, you can build iOS and Android apps using JavaScript that later compile into their native languages. [Here's a good article on getting started](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2016/04/the-beauty-of-react-native-building-your-first-ios-app-with-javascript-part-1).
